there's something spooky about the
outside world in winter the trees have
sucked back the goodness from their
leaves and let them go in the cold and
dark they look almost sims to the world
seems very old
where did the summer go now it feels as
if it barely existed like the present we
didn't appreciate all the color and
light and warmth has gone it's not hard
to see why Christmas has become such a
celebration of warmth and generosity we
turn the dark times into a riot of fire
Sparkle and ice
you
but although snow and ice are the
magical fairytale images of winter for
the rest of nature they're dangerous for
birds used to swimming and feeding in
open water life becomes awkward to say
the least
Feraud becomes almost impossible to find
and yet now is the very time when it is
most likely Brittany's bitterest hardest
dragging hours there is much in the way
of comfort and joy